docs(rust-sdk): refactor config options page (#12625)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/rust/common/configuration/options.mdx

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/config-intro" />

## Available Options

<TableOfContents ignoreIds={["available-options"]} />

## Core Options

Options that can be read from an environment variable (`SENTRY_DSN`, `SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT`, `SENTRY_RELEASE`) are read automatically.

<SdkOption name="dsn" type='string' envVar='SENTRY_DSN'>

The DSN tells the SDK where to send the events. If this value is not provided, the SDK will try to read it from the `SENTRY_DSN` environment variable. If that variable also does not exist, the SDK will just not send any events.

In runtimes without a process environment (such as the browser) that fallback does not apply.

> 

Author: Great catch, thank you @lcian!

This comes from a time when this exact content was used for all the SDKs (lots of content inheritance was in place a while ago). We split this up some months ago, but do need to deep clean the contents I guess.

Learn more about [DSN utilization](/product/sentry-basics/dsn-explainer/#dsn-utilization).

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="debug" type='Boolean' defaultValue='false'>

> Turns debug mode on or off. If debug is enabled SDK will attempt to print out useful debugging information if something goes wrong with sending the event. It's generally not recommended to turn it on in production, though turning `debug` mode on will not cause any safety concerns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turns debug mode on or off. If debug is enabled, the SDK will attempt to print out useful debugging information if something goes wrong while sending the event. While it's generally not recommended to turn debug mode on in production, it won't create any security concerns.
```

If this flag is enabled, certain personally identifiable information (PII) is added by active integrations. By default, no such data is sent.

If you enable this option, be sure to manually remove what you don't want to send using our features for managing [_Sensitive Data_](../../data-management/sensitive-data/).

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="in_app_include">

A list of string prefixes of module names that belong to the app. This option takes precedence over `in_app_exclude`.

Sentry differentiates stack frames that are directly related to your application ("in application") from stack frames that come from other packages such as the standard library, frameworks, or other dependencies. The application package is automatically marked as `inApp`. The difference is visible in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), where only the "in application" frames are displayed by default.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="in_app_exclude">

A list of string prefixes of module names that do not belong to the app, but rather to third-party packages. Modules considered not part of the app will be hidden from stack traces by default.

> This option can be overridden using `in_app_include`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="before_breadcrumb" type='Fn'>

This function is called with an SDK-specific breadcrumb object before the breadcrumb is added to the scope. When nothing is returned from the function, the breadcrumb is dropped. To pass the breadcrumb through, return the first argument, which contains the breadcrumb object.

> The callback typically gets a second argument (called a "hint") which contains the original object from which the breadcrumb was created to further customize what the breadcrumb should look like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The callback typically gets a second argument (called a "hint"), which contains the original object from which the breadcrumb was created to further customize what the breadcrumb should look like.
```

</SdkOption>

## Tracing Options

<SdkOption name="traces_sample_rate" type='f32' defaultValue='0.0'>

A number between `0.0` and `1.0`, controlling the percentage chance a given transaction will be sent to Sentry (`0.0` represents 0% while `1.0` represents 100%.) Applies equally to all transactions created in the app.

</SdkOption>

## Transport Options

<SdkOption name="http_proxy" type='string' envVar='HTTP_PROXY'>

  When set, a proxy can be configured that should be used for outbound requests. This is also used for HTTPS requests unless a separate `https_proxy` is configured. However, not all SDKs support a separate HTTPS proxy. SDKs will attempt to default to the system-wide configured proxy, if possible. For instance, on Unix systems, the `HTTP_PROXY` environment variable will be picked up.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="https_proxy" type='string' envVar='HTTPS_PROXY'>

  Configures a separate proxy for outgoing HTTPS requests. This value might not be supported by all SDKs. When not supported the `http_proxy` value is also used for HTTPS requests at all times.

</SdkOption>

> <SdkOption name="accept_invalid_certs" type='Boolean' envVar='SSL_VERIFY'>

Reviewer: This is the only one without any description, is it assumed the user will know what this option is and when to use it?
